Refactored Laminar (#167)
amethyst/laminar: README.md

[s6]: https://tokei.rs/b1/github/amethyst/laminar?category=code
[s7]: https://codecov.io/gh/amethyst/laminar/branch/master/graphs/badge.svg

> Laminar is a semi-reliable UDP-based protocol for multiplayer games. This library implements wrappers around the UDP-protocol,

Reviewer: `This library implements wrappers around a UDP socket`

Author: both are correct, but we are not wrapping around a socket perse but more around the protocol itself.

Reviewer: well technically we are implementing a udp protocol on top of a udp socket protocol is already in udp via the p.

Author: Technically speaking David P. Reed implemented the UDP-protocol. This protocol was defined way back in 1980.

Reviewer: ![](https://media1.tenor.com/images/701a53f5ed5bb4df3af074b0e2c02ce5/tenor.gif?itemid=7556577)

## Features
These are the features this crate provides:

- UDP-based Protocol
- Connection Tracking
- Automatic Fragmentation

> - Packets Types: Unreliable: Sequenced, Reliable: Unordered, Sequenced, Ordered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Packets Types: Unreliable and Sequenced, Reliable and Unordered, Sequenced and Ordered.
```

Author: Now we cant have: unreliable only, or unreliable sequenced. This is not correct we have the following types:

Reliable + Ordered
Reliable + Unordered
Reliable + Sequenced
Unreliable
Unreliable + Sequenced.

> - Packets could be sent: Unreliable: Sequenced, Reliable: Unordered, Sequenced, Ordered.

Reviewer: `Packet types:`

- Arranging Streams

> - Protocol Visioning

Reviewer 2: What's `Visioning`?

Author: * Versioning

> - RTT-Estimation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- RTT Estimation
```

> - Link conditioner to simulate packet loss and latency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Link conditioner to simulate packet loss and latency
```

> - Well tested by integration and unit tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Well-tested by integration and unit tests
```

- [Lucio Franco](https://github.com/LucioFranco)
- [Fletcher Haynes](https://github.com/fhaynes)

> - [Timon Post](https://github.com/TimonPost)

Reviewer 2: We should leave Justin in the credits I think?

Author: He still is, check out the lines above that.

Reviewer 3: Weird diff 👍. All good though.

> - [Timon Post](https://github.com/TimonPost)

Reviewer: why is this removed?

Author: Because we already said in the header of the read me that we had some ideas from him. However, there are millions of other resources we could be referencing here.

Reviewer: Ah okay, yeah as long as we give credit to atleast what inspired us id like that.

- [Justin LeFebvre](https://github.com/jstnlef) 

## Note

> This library is not fully stable yet, and changes to the API could be expected.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This library is not fully stable yet, and there may be breaking changes to the API.
```

> For more advanced use-cases of laminar, you could check out the [Amethyst-Network](https://github.com/amethyst/amethyst/tree/master/amethyst_network) crate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more advanced examples of using laminar, you can check out the [Amethyst-Network](https://github.com/amethyst/amethyst/tree/master/amethyst_network) crate.
```
